update clustered indexes docs (#5129)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

### tidb_enable_clustered_index <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0.0-rc</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Default value: INT_ONLY

> - This variable is used to control whether to create the primary key as a [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md))by default, which is when the statement does not explicitly specifies the keyword `CLUSTERED`/`NONCLUSTERED`. Supported values are `OFF`, `ON`, and `INT_ONLY`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to create the primary key as a [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md) by default. "By default" here means that the statement does not explicitly specifies the keyword `CLUSTERED`/`NONCLUSTERED`. Supported values are `OFF`, `ON`, and `INT_ONLY`:
```

> - This variable is used to control whether to create the primary key as a [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md) by default. "By default" here means that the statement does not explicitly specifies the keyword `CLUSTERED`/`NONCLUSTERED`. Supported values are `OFF`, `ON`, and `INT_ONLY`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to create the primary key as a [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md) by default. "By default" here means that the statement does not explicitly specify the keyword `CLUSTERED`/`NONCLUSTERED`. Supported values are `OFF`, `ON`, and `INT_ONLY`:
```

    - `OFF` indicates that primary keys are created as non-clustered indexes by default.
    - `ON` indicates that primary keys are created as clustered indexes by default.

>     - `INT_ONLY` indicates that the behavior is controlled by the configuration item `alter-primary-key`. If `alter-primary-key` is set to `true`, primary keys are created as non-clustered indexes by default. If it is set to `false`, single integer primary keys are created as clustered indexes and others are created as non-clustered indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `INT_ONLY` indicates that the behavior is controlled by the configuration item `alter-primary-key`. If `alter-primary-key` is set to `true`, primary keys are created as non-clustered indexes by default. If it is set to `false`, single integer primary keys are created as clustered indexes and others primary keys are created as non-clustered indexes.
```

Reviewer 2: If `alter-primary-key` is set to `true`, **all** primary keys are created as non-clustered indexes by default.

Author: ```suggestion
    - `INT_ONLY` indicates that the behavior is controlled by the configuration item `alter-primary-key`. If `alter-primary-key` is set to `true`, all primary keys are created as non-clustered indexes by default. If it is set to `false`, single integer primary keys are created as clustered indexes and others are created as non-clustered indexes.
```
